1.  Create a folder that contains all the website files - in this case "dist"
2.  Run: npm init -y
3.  Run: npm i gh-pages
4.  Add "homepage": "https://YOUR GITHUB ACCOUNT NAME.github.io/NAME OF YOUR WEBSITE or NAME OF REPO"
                    as in - "homepage": "https://rah99.github.io/rah99",
5.  Replace "test": "blah-blah-blah" under "scripts" with "deploy": "dh-pages -d DIRECTORY NAME in this case 'dist'"
                    as in - "deploy": "gh-pages -d dist"
6.  Go to GitHub and make a repo for the project (do not add a readme or check any of the boxes for now and 
    keep the page the repo was created on open as you will need the commands on the page) - alternatively it can be done directly from VS Code
7.  You can add a ".gitignore" here or in the repo on GitHub - .gitignore should exclude node modules as in add "node_modules" to the ".gitignore" 
    or go to https://www.toptal.com/developers/gitignore and generate a gitignore based on languages and IDE
8.  In the terminal (use gitbash terminal) run: git init
9.  Run (in the same terminal): git add . (the "." signifies add everything to staging)
10. Run (in the same terminal): git commit -m 'WHATEVER YOU WANT TO SAY ABOUT THE COMMIT'
                    as in - git commit -m 'Initial commit'
11. Go to GitHub and copy the "git branch -M .....", then paste it into the terminal and run it
12. Go to GitHub and copy the "git remote add origin ......", then paste it into the terminal and run it
13. Go back to GitHub and copy the "git push -u .....", then paste it into the terminal and run it
14. The files should now be on GitHub repo - check the branches" and there should only be a "main" branch
15. To initialise GB_PAGES go to your working project on your computer and run: npm run deploy, then go back to you GitHub repo and check the branches,
    there should now be a gh-pages branch
16. Select the "gh-pages" branch and it will display what is going to be shown on the web. Then go to "Settings" of the repo and scroll down to "GitHub Pages"
    tab on the left menu bar, click it, and it will display a web address that you can click on that is your published website. You can also setup using your
    own domain, it is suggested to use CNAME for the aliases as in: make one for www. and "blank". on your DNS control panel of your DNS name host